 
 
 
 Functional Requirements: 
 	Any anonymous user will be able to view different  options available for 
that specific week with multiple travels options. According to customer's requirement 
the customer could book the tickets.


	All customers will be able to see different Travels(aairlines,bus,trains) details available for watching any customers 
	will be able to see details of any Travels(aairlines,bus,trains) which is running in theatre.
Theatre staff will be able to schedule Travels(aairlines,bus,trains)s at in theatres by updating Travels(aairlines,bus,trains) names of the .

Staff will be able to approve or reject request for selected  , seat ,  , etc. selected by 
customer.


Staff will be able to extend number of Travels(airlines,bus,trains)  
if Travels(aairlines,bus,trains) Booking is doing well.



Anonymous customers can see all the Travels(aairlines,bus,trains)  available seats 
but he/she have to also  at the time ticket
 booking they need to register first.
 
 Register customers can book any number available seats and also 
 they can check price of ticket.
 
 Register number can choose Any Travels which are available near their location.


 Register customer can cancel their booked ticket 2hrs before  time to get 100% refund.
 
Register customer are able to get transactions history. They can also get  details etc.
Register customers can do their payment by online mode using upi and other payment gateways.
Management staff are able to refund payment of Register customer 
if customer cancel their ticket before 2 hrs. of  time.

Management staff have authority not to refund payment if Register customer not cancel ticket before 2 hrs. of  time.
Register customer will get notified about Travels(aairlines,bus,trains) details and transaction details via email 
and messages.Dashboard will provide list of latest Travels(aairlines,bus,trains)s, after selecting specific Travels(aairlines,bus,trains)
 dashboard will provide information of available seats, IMDB rating.System and Technical team (IT Operations team) 
 will be able monitor system operations by monitoring logs maintained.













































